=== NVO denecimig / Mim8: read Novo's own filings

  6-K 2026-08-04
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/353278/000035327826000023/caq22026.htm
    ...r approval in the EU and approved in Japan. Regulatory approval was based on data from REAL 8 and REAL 9. Novo Nordisk has submitted for regulatory approval of Turner Syndrome (TS) in the EU. A regulatory decision on TS is expected in Q4 2026 in the US and in the first half of 2027 in EU and Japan. Denecimig Regulatory submission of denecimig for the treatment of haemophilia A in China Denecimig was submitted to the CDE for regulatory approval in China. The submission is based on the data from the FRONTIER programme, which is designed to establish the efficacy and safety profile of denecimig as a prophylactic treatment administered once every month, once every two weeks or once every week to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes in.
    ...and Japan. Denecimig Regulatory submission of denecimig for the treatment of haemophilia A in China Denecimig was submitted to the CDE for regulatory approval in China. The submission is based on the data from the FRONTIER programme, which is designed to establish the efficacy and safety profile of denecimig as a prophylactic treatment administered once every month, once every two weeks or once every week to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes in people with haemophilia A. Alhemo Regulatory submission of paediatric label extension for Alhemo in Japan Novo Nordisk submitted a paediatric label extension application to regulatory authorities in Japan for Alhemo (concizumab). Clinical Obesity CagriSema 2.4 mg 2.4 mg Completion of the 
    ...(Cardiovascular outcomes) Cagrilintide Phase 3 initiation (high-dose) Efruxifermin Phase 3 safety results (SYNCHRONY Real-World, Fibrosis stage 1-4) Diabetes CagriSema Phase 3 initiation (REIMAGINE SWITCH) Oral semaglutide 25 mg US decision Zenagamtide (subcutaneous) Phase 3 initiation Rare Disease Denecimig US EU decision Etavopivat (Sickle cell disease) US EU submission Note Expected timing and qualification of R D milestones for inclusion in this table are based on current assessment, which may change. Strategic milestones Performance highlights Commercial execution Financials Cash flow and capital allocation Outlook R D pipeline progress Sustainability Corporate Governance Legal matters Financial information Company announcement No 48 2026 Fin

  20-F 2026-02-04
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/353278/000035327826000012/nvo-20251231_d2.htm
    ...nd oral formulations of Wegovy and exciting next-generation therapies like zenagamtide (amycretin) and CagriSema. But that is just part of the story. We are also focused on diabetes with the continued rollout of Awiqli and the EU approval of Kyinsu (IcoSema), plus we are preparing for the launch of denecimig (Mim8) for people living with haemophilia A. Different patients have different motivations and preferences. Some need treatment to address serious underlying health risks, others to improve their quality of life. Some prefer oral medications whilst others are comfortable with injections. Our portfolio must reflect this segmentation. The impe...
    ...a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 17%. Operating profit has more than doubled, reaching DKK 128 billion in 2025 with a CAGR of 16%. Obesity care sales have increased from DKK 6 billion in 2019 to DKK 82 billion in 2025. Rare Disease positioned for sustained growth with late-stage pipeline of denecimig (Mim8) and etavopivat. DKK 306 billion has been returned to shareholders from 2020 to 2025. Treatment provided to 46 million people living with obesity and diabetes, an increase of ~16 million patients since 2019. Novo Nordisk expects to introduce new Strategic Aspirations as part of Capital Markets Day on 21 September...
    ...lly completed Phase 2 trial successfully completed with subcutaneous and oral zenagamtide (amycretin) Strengthen and progress Rare disease pipeline Alhemo approved in the US for the treatment of haemophilia A and B without inhibitors Sogroya non-replacement indications submitted in the US and Japan Denecimig (Mim8) submitted for regulatory approval in the EU and in the US Closing of the acqusition of clinical-stage MASP-3 inhibitor zaltenibart Sogroya approved in China Commercial execution Strengthen Diabetes leadership to more than one-third Diabetes value market share declined by 3.6 percentage points to 30.1% (MAT) More than DKK 25 billion in Obesity care sales by 2025 Obesity care sales increased by 31% (CER) to DKK 82.3 billion Secure a susta
    ...n disease progression vs placebo, this research advanced scientific understanding within the field of neurodegeneration. For people living with rare diseases, each innovation can be life-changing. Our focus is to reduce the care burden with therapies that are effective, tolerable and easier to use. Denecimig (Mim8), a Factor VIIIa mimetic bispecific antibody now under FDA and EMA review, significantly reduced treated bleeds with once monthly, fortnightly or once-weekly subcutaneous injections in clinical studies, offering the potential for both strong efficacy and less frequent dosing. Etavopivat, an investigational oral therapy for sickle cell disease, reduced pain crises and improved haemoglobin in phase 2, pointing to a treatment that could hel
    .../ Appr. CagriSema NN9838 Obesity Long-acting amylin receptor agonist in combination with a long- acting GLP-1 receptor agonist 3 Subm/ Appr. Semaglutide NN9931 MASH GLP-1 receptor agonist 3 Subm/ Appr. IcoSema NN1535 T2D Semaglutide and basal insulin Icodec NN1436 T1D and T2D Basal insulin analogue Denecimig (Mim8) NN7769 Haemophilia A w/wo inhibitors FVIIIa mimetic bispecific antibody 3 Subm/ Appr. Novo Nordisk Annual Report 2025 / Annual review / Strategic Aspirations / Innovation and therapeutic focus 31 Research and development progress OBESITY DIABETES RARE DISEASE Regulatory events Wegovy received accelerated approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of metabo...
    ...ting GalXC GYS2 was initiated. Early-stage projects STAT3 (oncology/acromegaly), PD L1 (oncology) and XDH GalXC lipid (gout) were terminated. Phase 1 trial investigating Ventus NLRP3i was completed. Alternative routes were pursued for early-stage projects within stem cell therapy. Regulatory events Denecimig (Mim8) BLA was submitted to the FDA and Marketing authorization application (MAA) to the EMA for initial marketing authorization for treatment of haemophilia A in people with and without inhibitors. Sogroya label label extension for the treatment of non-replacement indications was submitted to FDA, EMA, CDE and PMDA. Alhemo (concizumab) was approved by FDA and EMA for the expanded treatment of haemophilia A or B in people without inhibitors. C
    ...ncizumab) was approved by FDA and EMA for the expanded treatment of haemophilia A or B in people without inhibitors. Clinical progress Phase 3a trial HIBISCUS 2, investigating etavopivat in people with sickle cell disease (SCD), was initiated. Phase 3a FRONTIER 2 and Frontier3 trials, investigating denecimig in adults/ adolescents and children with haemophilia A, were completed. Phase 2 part, of the HIBISCUS phase 2/3 trial, investigating etavopivat in people with SCD, was completed. Phase 2 trial ASCENT1, investigating NDec in people with SCD, was completed. Acquisition of MASP 3 inhibitor zaltenibart from Omeros Corporation for the treatment of rare blood and kidney dis...
    ...mulations of Wegovy and exciting next-generation therapies like zenagamtide (amycretin) and CagriSema. But that is just part of the story. We are also focused on diabetes with the continued rollout of Awiqli and the EU approval of Kyinsu (IcoSema), plus we are preparing for the launch of denecimig (Mim8) for people living with haemophilia A. Different patients have different motivations and preferences. Some need treatment to address serious underlying health risks, others to improve their quality of life. Some prefer oral medications whilst others are comfortable with injections. Our portfolio must reflect this segmentation. The impe...
    ...e specific terms in each agreement, historical experience, anticipated channel mix, growth rates and market share information. Novo Nordisk adjusts the liabilities periodically to reflect actual sales performance. Managed Care and Medicare rebates are generally settled around 100 days from the transaction date. US wholesaler charge-backs Wholesaler charge-backs relate to contractual arrangements between Novo Nordisk and indirect customers in the US whereby products are sold at contract prices lower than the list price originally charged to wholesalers. Estimates of expected charge-backs are made using a...

  6-K 2026-02-03
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/353278/000035327826000006/caq42025.htm
    ...a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 17%. Operating profit has more than doubled, reaching DKK 128 billion in 2025 with a CAGR of 16%. Obesity care sales have increased from DKK 6 billion in 2019 to DKK 82 billion in 2025. Rare Disease positioned for sustained growth with late-stage pipeline of denecimig (Mim8) and etavopivat. DKK 306 billion has been returned to shareholders from 2020 to 2025. Treatment provided to 46 million people living with obesity and diabetes, an increase of 16 million patients since 2019. Novo Nordisk expects to introduce new Strategic Aspirations as part of Capital Markets Day on 21 September 2...
    ...lly completed Phase 2 trial successfully completed with subcutaneous and oral zenagamtide (amycretin) Strengthen and progress Rare disease pipeline Alhemo approved in the US for the treatment of haemophilia A and B without inhibitors Sogroya non-replacement indications submitted in the US and Japan Denecimig (Mim8) submitted for regulatory approval in the EU and in the US Closing of the acqusition of clinical-stage MASP-3 inhibitor zaltenibart Sogroya approved in China Commercial execution Strengthen diabetes leadership to more than one-third Diabetes value market share declined by 3.6 percentage points to 30.1% (MAT) More than DKK 25 billion in Obesity care sales by 2025 Obesity care sales increased by 31% (CER) to DKK 82.3 billion Secure a susta
    ...mpetitive market. However, we are very encouraged by the promising early uptake from the US launch of Wegovy pill, and we remain confident in our ability to drive volume growth over the coming years. Also for this year, we look forward to regulatory decisions for next-generation treatments, such as Mim8 within haemophilia and CagriSema within obesity, as well as a number of exciting R D read-outs, including phase 3 read-outs for etavopivat and ziltivekimab, said Mike Doustdar, president and CEO. On 3 February 2026 at 13.00 CET, corresponding to 07.00 am EST, an earnings call will be held. Investors will be able to listen in via a link on novonordisk.com, which can be found under 'Investors' (the contents of the company's website do not form a part
    ...annual growth rate (CAGR) of 17%. Operating profit has more than doubled, reaching DKK 128 billion in 2025 with a CAGR of 16%. Obesity care sales have increased from DKK 6 billion in 2019 to DKK 82 billion in 2025. Rare Disease positioned for sustained growth with late-stage pipeline of denecimig (Mim8) and etavopivat. DKK 306 billion has been returned to shareholders from 2020 to 2025. Treatment provided to 46 million people living with obesity and diabetes, an increase of 16 million patients since 2019. Novo Nordisk expects to introduce new Strategic Aspirations as part of Capital Markets Day on 21 September 2...
    ...ed Phase 2 trial successfully completed with subcutaneous and oral zenagamtide (amycretin) Strengthen and progress Rare disease pipeline Alhemo approved in the US for the treatment of haemophilia A and B without inhibitors Sogroya non-replacement indications submitted in the US and Japan Denecimig (Mim8) submitted for regulatory approval in the EU and in the US Closing of the acqusition of clinical-stage MASP-3 inhibitor zaltenibart Sogroya approved in China Commercial execution Strengthen diabetes leadership to more than one-third Diabetes value market share declined by 3.6 percentage points to 30.1% (MAT) More than DKK 25 billion in Obesity care sales by 2025 Obesity care sales increased by 31% (CER) to DKK 82.3 billion Secure a sustained growth


=== AZN capivasertib / Truqap: any 2026 regulatory sentence

-- "capivasertib" "PDUFA": total=29

  6-K 2026-05-27
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/901832/000165495426005381/a7798f.htm
    ...ng its potential in earlier lines of treatment and in new breast cancer settings. In HR-positive breast cancer, AstraZeneca continues to improve outcomes with foundational medicines Faslodex and Zoladex (goserelin) and aims to reshape the HR-positive space with first-in-class AKT inhibitor, Truqap (capivasertib), the TROP-2-directed ADC, Datroway (datopotamab deruxtecan), and next-generation oral SERD and potential new medicine camizestrant. PARP inhibitor Lynparza (olaparib) is a targeted treatment option that has been studied in early and metastatic breast cancer patients with an inherited BRCA mutation. AstraZeneca with MSD (Merck Co., Inc. in the US and Canada) continue to research Ly
    ...expanding its potential in earlier lines of treatment and in new breast cancer settings. In HR-positive breast cancer, AstraZeneca continues to improve outcomes with foundational medicines Faslodex and Zoladex (goserelin) and aims to reshape the HR-positive space with first-in-class AKT inhibitor, Truqap (capivasertib), the TROP-2-directed ADC, Datroway (datopotamab deruxtecan), and next-generation oral SERD and potential new medicine camizestrant. PARP inhibitor Lynparza (olaparib) is a targeted treatment option that has been studied in early and metastatic breast cancer patients with an inherited BRCA mutation. AstraZeneca with MSD (Merck Co., Inc. in the US and Canada) continue to rese

  6-K 2022-01-18
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/901832/000165495422000559/a6391y.htm
    ...ch needed treatment options to patients with triple-negative breast cancer, an aggressive form of breast cancer, AstraZeneca is testing immunotherapy Imfinzi (durvalumab) in combination with other oncology medicines, including Lynparza and Enhertu , evaluating the potential of AKT kinase inhibitor, capivasertib, in combination with chemotherapy, and collaborating with Daiichi Sankyo to explore the potential of TROP2-directed ADC, datopotamab deruxtecan. AstraZeneca in oncology AstraZeneca is leading a revolution in oncology with the ambition to provide cures for cancer in every form, following the science to understand cancer and all its complexities to discover, develop and deliver life-

  6-K 2023-02-09
  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/901832/000165495423001503/a3767p.htm
    ...+ Imjudo in HCC 12 and Forxiga in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. Five approvals in Japan, including Imfinzi and Imjudo in liver cancer (TOPAZ-1) and NSCLC 13 (POSEIDON) and Calquence for treatment-na ve CLL (ELEVATE-TN) - Other regulatory milestones: US Fast Track designations for capivasertib in HR-positive HER2-negative breast cancer (CAPItello-291), tozorakimab in treatment/prevention of acute respiratory failure in patients with viral lung infection (TILIA), and Orpathys plus Tagrisso in NSCLC with MET 14 overexpression (SAVANNAH/SAFFRON); US Orphan Drug Designation for Saphnelo in idiopathic inflammatory myopathies; US Emergency Use Authorisation for Evusheld revised
    ...01) Regulatory submission (EU, JP) Calquence CLL (ASCEND) Regulatory submission (CN) Beyfortus RSV 24 (MELODY/MEDLEY) Regulatory submission (US) Soliris NMOSD 25 Regulatory submission (CN) Major Phase III data readouts and other developments Imfinzi NSCLC (1st-line) (PEARL) Primary endpoint not met capivasertib HR 26 +/HER2-negative breast cancer (1st-line) (CAPItello-291) Fast Track Designation (US) Orpathys + Tagrisso NSCLC with MET overexpression (SAVANNAH/SAFFRON) Fast Track Designation (US) tozorakimab Treatment/prevention of acute respiratory failure in patients with viral lung infection (TILIA) Fast Track Designation (US) Saphnelo Idiopathic inflammatory myopathies Orphan Drug Desi
    ...k of disease progression or death by 42% at a 75mg dose (based on HR of 0.58, 90% confidence interval) and mPFS of 7.2 versus 3.7 months and 33% at a 150mg dose (based on HR of 0.67, 90% confidence interval) and mPFS of 7.7 versus 3.7 months compared to Faslodex , the current SERD standard of care. Capivasertib Event Commentary Presentation: SABCS CAPItello-291 Phase III trial Detailed results from the CAPItello-291 Phase III trial of capivasertib in combination with Faslodex demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS versus placebo plus Faslodex in patients with HR-positive, HER2-low or negative, locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer foll
    ...tistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS versus placebo plus Faslodex in patients with HR-positive, HER2-low or negative, locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer following recurrence or progression on, or after, endocrine therapy (with or without a CDK4/6 inhibitor). Capivasertib in combination with Faslodex demonstrated a 40% reduction in the risk of disease progression or death versus placebo plus Faslodex in the overall trial population (based on a HR of 0.60, 95% confidence interval) and median PFS 7.2 versus 3.6 months. In the AKT pathway biomarker-altered population, which affects up to 50% of patients with advanced HR-positive breast cancer, capivase
    ...ease progression or death versus placebo plus Faslodex in the overall trial population (based on a HR of 0.60, 95% confidence interval) and median PFS 7.2 versus 3.6 months. In the AKT pathway biomarker-altered population, which affects up to 50% of patients with advanced HR-positive breast cancer, capivasertib plus Faslodex reduced risk of disease progression or death by 50% versus placebo plus Faslodex . BioPharmaceuticals - CVRM Farxiga Event Commentary Approval EU Forxiga for heart failure with reduced ejection fraction to cover patients across the full spectrum of left ventricular ejection fraction including heart failure with mildly reduced and preserved ejection fraction. (DELIVER,
